# hello-world
My repository
Hello.  I am a partially retired 66 year old guy.  I served as a Sergeant in the USMC from 1969 to 1973, served in Vietnam from 1971 to 1972.  I work part-time at the Veteran's Store here in Pigeon Forge, TN.  I am married with no children and five dogs.  I have had some computer programming when I was in junior college.  We first started out with Basic and then went on to PL1 computer language that ran on our IBM 360 mainframe which, of course, is a batch mode of processing.  I also worked as a keypunch operator encoding college documents onto punch cards with an IBM keypunch machine.  I got quite fast at keypunch operations and got to program our mainframe IBM 360.  Those were the days when a computer took up a whole room.  

I do have an arduino uno board and am waiting for China to send me a data transfer cable for the Uno board so I can begin downloading code for it.  I've also ordered a Raspberry PI 3 board and am presently waiting for the shipment.  I built my first computer when the first 286's came out--that is, I put together a 33MHz DX-40 and used it for quite a while.  My next computer was as Sony VIO which I still have.  However, my wife wanted a laptop so we purchased a Dell Inspiron laptop, a 64-bit machine running Windows 7 which I'm using at the present.  I want to put together a Raspberry PI 3 for our main computer because I want to get away from Windows based programs as they're too easily hacked.  Now I've got to learn the Linux way of doing things which I have done some research.  The commands are almost like DOS, the only difference is the name of the commands for the command line.  I think I can learn a new system with different commands.
